Improve the documentation for useEvaluation (#22)
croct-tech/plug-react: README.md

#### Fault tolerance

We strongly recommend specifying the `fallback` property in client-side rendered applications to ensure your app behaves 
the same way regardless of the personalization. In this way, the UI will still be fully functional even in maintenance 

> windows. However, it is required to render SSR applications while loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
windows. **Specifying the `fallback` is required for server-side rendering (SSR).**
```
